### Hi there 👋

My name is Katie and I'm recent graduate of Northeastern University with a Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science and Computer Engineering. My focus in college was been on artificial intelligence and software engineering and I am currently looking for a job in a related field.

### I'm Currently Working On...
**Library** is a project focused on demonstrating skills in Python software engineering. This project involved creating classes in python that use inheritance, interact with other classes, and utilize encapsulation. I also practiced overriding magic methods such as str and creating with classes with getters and setters using @property and @variable.setter. I also incorporated design patters such as creating a decorator function to act as a timer and a factory function to easily create different items. Finally, I created a test class to perform unit tests on my project.

**Genetic-Disorder-Prediction** uses a dataset of medical history such as blood cell count, heart rate, symptoms, and parental genetic information in order to predict the genetic disorder and disorder subclass. After cleaning and exploring the data, I ran different models with grid search cross validation in order to find the best model. I ended on a MLP model and a Naive Bayes model and achieved an averaged f1 score of .425, compared to a score achieved with random guessing of .198. Then, I decide to explore pytorch neural nets more and was able to achieve an average f1 score of 0.425 using one for each of my target variables. I'm now working on creating a more advanced pytorch neural network model.

### I Recently Finished...
**wine_database** uses the above dataset to practice SQL skills such as creating tables from files and from manually adding data, adding new columns, using subqueries to update values, joining tables, and using union. Basic clauses such as SELECT, WHERE, JOIN, USING, UNION, INSERT INTO, CREATE TABLE, and ALTER TABLE were used. The end result is recreating the original table (winequality.csv) to become new-winequality.csv with added information such as the alcohol content level, whether the wine is good or bad, and the number of orders. I am still using this example to practice more with SQL

**capstone_cuda** is my capstone project I completed with 4 other students. We created a guitar attachment that allows the guitar to be strummed and plucked with only one hand. To handle the plucking, a model needed to be created that could determine of which of the strings was being held in order to pluck that string. To accomplish that, we created a dataset of images of the strings being pressed, image preprocessing/augmentation, and finally created a convolutional neural network. The CNN was uploaded on a Raspberry pi board and read in and analyzed live video input of the strings and sent the information to an Arduino board which controlled the hardware portion of plucking the string.
